docs: document metrics-generator ring (#1316)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/api_docs/_index.md

_For more information, check the page on [consistent hash ring](../operations/consistent_hash_ring)._

### Metrics-generators ring status

> Note: this endpoint is only available when the metrics-generator is enabled. See [configuration](../configuration/_index.md#metrics-generator).

```
GET /metrics-generator/ring
```

> Displays a web page with the metrics-generators hash ring status, including the state, healthy and last heartbeat time of each metrics-generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays a web page with the metrics-generator hash ring status, including the state, health, and last heartbeat time of each metrics-generator.

This endpoint is only available when the metrics-generator is enabled. See [metrics-generator](../configuration/_index.md#metrics-generator).
```
